Add example for __test__ (#7733)
pytest-dev/pytest: doc/en/example/pythoncollection.rst

    collect_ignore = ["setup.py"]
    if sys.version_info[0] > 2:
        collect_ignore_glob = ["*_py2.py"]

User modules with names matching ``test*.py`` may be discovered as tests. Since 

> Pytest 2.6, users can prevent this test discovery by setting a boolean 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pytest 2.6, users can prevent pytest from discovering classes that start with ``Test`` by setting a boolean ``__test__`` attribute to ``False``.
```

Also I think we only need the example with `False` set; otherwise the example using `__test__ = True` implies that pytest will discover the class for tests even if it doesn't match the `python_classes` configuration option, which is not true.

``__test__`` attribute.

.. code-block:: python

    # Will be discovered as a test

>     def test_class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    class TestClass:
```
